README.md, before:

# solitude

- Chat muna kayo sa gc bago kayo magcommit kasi baka magoverlap at magkaroon ng undesired changes.
- Sana matapos natin toh AHAHAHAHAH
- Goodluck sa atin lmao

############################# SOLITUDE: A CALM-INDUCING MEDITATION APP #############################
# This app contains the following:                                                                 #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
####################################################################################################

Commit message:

Added steps in accessing this file
Added the steps on how to edit and upload the changes made (incomplete)

README.md, after:

# solitude

- Chat muna kayo sa gc bago kayo magcommit kasi baka magoverlap at magkaroon ng undesired changes.
- Sana matapos natin toh AHAHAHAHAH
- Goodluck sa atin lmao

############################# SOLITUDE: A CALM-INDUCING MEDITATION APP #############################
# Guide in Editing this application:                                                               #
#  1. First is make sure that your git is initialized in the right directory (folder)              #
#         You can do this by typing CD "C:/Your/Chosen/Directory/Here"                             #
#  2. Then do: git init                                                                            #
#  3. Then do: git clone "https://Link to this repository.com"                                     #
#  4. Then open your android studios and open this project                                         #
#  5. Then open the "activity_main.xml" in th layout folder inside the res folder                  #
#  6. There you can edit the layout of the window. After that, you can open the MainActivity.java  #
#          to edit the backend things like when going to the next window using a button            #
#  7. Just code now                                                                                #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
#                                                                                                  #
####################################################################################################

############################# SOLITUDE: A CALM-INDUCING MEDITATION APP #############################
# After you have finished coding and wanted to upload your changes into this repository, you can   #
# do these steps:                                                                                  #
#  1. #
####################################################################################################
